即将面临高考，写给父母的一封信

Dear Mom and Dad,

    The annual college entrance examination is around the corner.

One this special occasion, how I wish I could hava a heart-to-herat talk

with you. At first, I'll sincerely appreciate your love, consideration and

encouragement. Without you, I think I'll never stick to studying now.

    Now, I'm a studient in senior3.Facing the annual college entrance

entrance examination, I felt a little nervous, and have much stress. But I

also think I'll approach my dream. So, in this period of time, I'll communicate

with you, to make myself have a good condition. Besides, I'll try my best to

provide help for myself.

    In the last year, I will make an effort on study. Keeping on positive

attitude to study. What‘s more, when facingquestions, I willask teachers on

time. To try my best to comprehension every problem in study.

    I'll never make you disappointed. I believe that everything is possible.

And I also believe I can achieve my dream.
                                                            Yours.


My Dream

    My name is Guo Mingquan, I'm a bad student. I don't like study, and I often

play computer game. So I often can't pass the exam, and my eye is very bad.

My mother often angry at me because I am worse and lazier than others.

    There some problem in my brain, so I often do something bad. The bad thing

that I did let my mother shame. So, I don't want to be a man who is rich or

well known to others because I am good at doing bad thing. If I am rich or

well known to others, there are more bad thing I will do. But I have a great

dream.

    What's my dream? Be a writer who write something on the internet. It can't

let me well known to others and it can cheer somebody up. But this job maybe

can't give me enough monny to live. So I will do other job besides it.


英语角征文：如何学好英语

Why should we learn English

    English now is more widely use. It as a official language in many. We aught

to learn English because it is good to us.

    First, learning English can improve aur ability on learn language. Second,

It is helpful to know more about foreign countries's cultures. Especialiy when

we go aboao. Third, we can make more friends is many places. We can also use

English to communicate with these who live in Britain countries people.

    In a word, English is useful and helpful. We can learn it and use it in

many ways. It's very great to us to learn English.
                                                            yours,
                                                            Li Hua.


Protect your personal information

Dear Charles,

    Glad to reply to you and try to help you out.

    Nowadays, it has become quite a serious issue to protect ourselves from

being hurt by the leak of personal information. Therefore, I'd like to share

my opionns towards it.

    As far as I'm concerened, it's essential for us to pay attention to it

and realise its harms, noly by which can we keep cautions whenever and

whereever. In addition, we are supposed to learn basic knowledge od personal

information, such as what it is and when we can inform it to others. And when

coming up with such issues, we'd better keep clam and manage to solve it through

law, as calling the police and coming up to law are the most safe and powerful.

    All above are my personal advice which may be helpful to you.
                                                            yours,
                                                            Carol.


写给2017年的一封信

Dear 2017,

    Your friend 2016 was pretty good to me, and I am very grateful for that.

    As I find myself moving once again I have been thinking about you and all

that you have to bring.

    I thought I would make a list for the New Year and ask you kindly for any

assistance which you have to offer. That would be ace!

    So...

    1.Treat my body right.

    2.Erm, less alcohol.

    3.May my days living with my beloved be filled with fun, laughter, honesty,

kindness and friendship.

    4.I hope to continue to be surrounded by spiritual souls, kind-hearted folk

and lots of love.

    5. More creativity. Make 'stuff'.

    6.Spread the light.

    7.Learn more.

    8.Accept change. I might lose something good, but I'll gain something better.

    9.Live how I want to.

    10.Smile and laugh more.

    11.Spending time in the great outdoors is a must.

    12.New adventures.

    13.A holiday.

    14. Good health for all those I hold dear.

    15.Call my family often.

    16. Care less about what people think about me.

    17.Celebrate the little things. The more you praise and celebrate your life,

the more there is in life to celebrate.

    18.Read more that will make me grow and advance my soul and mind.

    19.Learn to accept bad times, let them happen and allow myself to feel them.

    20.I shall learn the art of saying "No", without feeling guilty.

    21.Treat my education and job more seriously.

    22.Love more animals and humans, my heart has plenty of room.

    23.Love myself.


70周年阅兵

    This year is the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China! On October

1st, our whole family sit by the TV and waiting to watch early time big parade.

    At ten'o clock, the National Day military parade formally started, only

saw many soldiers standing in front of tiananmen, navy, air force, army...

Stand straight, straight, like hits the forceful pine, President hus review.

The parade shows the motherland strong defense force, peaceful country and safe

perple , the motherland prosperity of beautiful landscape.

    During the National Day, Grandpa and I went to play in the humble

administrators graden. The car on the road, I saw the window renmin brideg

garlands made of flowers on both sides, in the sunshine more bright beautiful,

make the atmosphere of the National Day more strong! Walk in the small street

to the humble administrators graden, Www.Zixuekaoshi.net see stalls on both

sides of the street with a red flag with five stars, to express the affection

to the motherland. Many foreign visitors to see the beautiful scenery heartfelt

held out a thumb. In the humble administrators graden is the chrysanthemum,

chrysanthemum can be more color, yellow, red, white, colorful, beautiful!

    The National Day make me deeper understanding of the motherland, A profound

feelings for the motherland also, Make me more love my motherland China!
