A man who does not know a foreign language ignorant of his own.

foreign 外国的 attention 注意 greet 问候 great 极好的
activity 活动 introduce 介绍 each other 彼此 meet 相遇
conversation 交谈 life 生命 live 活的 living 现状 
follow 跟随 following 下面的，接下来的 pleasure 快乐
university 大学 global 全球性的  research 研究 recognized 公认的
art 艺术 technology 技术 world-class 世界一流 major 主修专业
direction 方向 yourselves你们自己 information 信息 may 可以 
tips 小窍门，小贴士 Internet bar 网吧 near附近

Hi, my name´s steve.
Nice to meet you.
What do you do for a living?
I´m a student at CMU, what about you?
I work at the public library.
It was a pleasure meeting you.

Sample dialogue
Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers greet and introduce each other.
Hi, I don't think we've met, My name's Steve.
Hi, Steve. Nice to meet you. My name's Juanita, but everybody calls me Jenny.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Jenny.
Sorry, what was your name again?
Steve.
So Steve, what do you do for a living?
I work at the public library. How about you?
I'm a university student.
That's great. So, where do you study?
Carnegie Mellon University. CMU is a global research university recognized for
world-class arts and thethchnology programs. It´s the best university in the world for my major.
Great for you! It was really nice meeting you.
Yeah. It was a pleasure meeting you too.

pre-reading 课前阅读 question 问题 difficult 困难的 different 不同的 
suggest 建议 student 学生 teacher 老师 angbody else 任何其他人
below 下面的 step 步骤 firm 坚固的 foundation 基础
spend 花费 important 重要的 factor 因素 immerse 沉浸
means 方法 mean 意味着 listen 收听 sit坐
expect 期望 explanation 说明 enjoyably愉快的 relates 与...联系
material 材料 mostly 通常的  partly 部分的 understand 理解
each day 每天 effective 有效的

$Learning a Foreign Language

    There are many ways to learn a foreign language well! Read the suggestions below.
Following these steps will give you a firm foundation.
    1)Spend time
    By far the most important factor is how much time you are immersed in the language. The
more time you spend on the language,the faster you will learn. This means listening, reading,
writing and speaking. It does not mean sitting in class looking out of the window, or listening to
other student who do not speak well, or expecting explanations in your own language about
how the language works. It means spending time enjoyably on whatever relates to the language
you are learning.
    2)Listen and read every day
    Wherever you are, listen to the language on your MP3 player and read what you are
listening to. Listen to and read materials that you like, materials that you can mostly understand,
or even only partly understand. If you keep listening and reading, you will get used to the
langauge. One hour of listening and reading each day is more effective than many hours of
class time.
	3)Focus on words and phrases
	Build up your vocabulary. You'll need lots. Start to notice words and how they come together
as phrases. Learn these words and phrases through listening and reading. Read online, using online
dictionaries, and make your own vocabulary lists for review. Soon you will run into your new
words and phrases elsewhere. Gradually you will be able to use then. Do not worry about how
accurately you speak until you have accumulated plenty of words through listening and reading.
	4)Take responsibility for your own learning
	If you do not want to learn the language, you won't. If you do want to learn the language,
take control. Choose content that interests you, that you want to linsten to and read. Look up
the words and phrases that you need in order to understand your listening and reading. Do not
wait for someone else to show you the language or tell you what to do. Discover the language
bu yourself, like a child growing up.Talk when you feel like it. Write when you feel like it. A
teacher cannot teach you to become fluent, but you can learn to become fluent if you want to.
	5)Relax and enjoy yourself
	Do not worry about what you cannot remember, or cannot yet understand, or cannot yet
say. It does not matter. You are learning and improving. The language will gradually become
clearer, but this will happen at a pace that you cannot control. So sit back and enjoy. Above all,
make sure you spend enough time with the language. That is the greatest guarantee of success.

cracked 破裂的
bearer  挑夫
pot     罐子
pole    杆子
crack   裂纹
deliver 递送
portion 部分
stream  小河
master  主任
accomplishment 成就
imperfection   缺点
miserable 痛苦的
perceive  将 … 理解为
bitter    令人不快的
apologize 道歉
load      装载量
flaw      错误
compassion 同情
trall   小路
reply   答复
decorate 装潢
grace   装饰
moral   寓意
being   存在

be ashamed of      为 … 感到惭愧
leak out           泄露
feel sorry for     怜悯
take notice of     注意
cheer … up         振奋起来
take advantage of  利用

India   印度

…the poor cracked pot was ashamed of its imperfection and miserable that it was able to
accomplish only half of what it had been made to do
… 破陶罐因为自己的瑕疵而羞愧难当，为只能完成一半的工作而痛苦不堪
The moral of this story is that we all have out faults, but we all have a path to follow and that
path we take must have a reason to our being.
这个故事的寓意是：我们每个人都有缺点，但我们都有自己要走的路，而这条路一定可以说明我们存在的意义。

$A Priceless Lesson in Humility

	A few years ago, I took a sightseeing trip to Washington, D.C. I saw many of our nation´
treasures, and I also saw a lot of our fellow citizens on the street - unfortunate ones, like
panhandlers and homeless folks.
	Standing outside the Ronald Reagan Center, I heard a voice say, "Can you help me?"
When I turned around, I saw an elderly blind woman with her hand extended. In a natural
reflex, I reached into my pocket, pulled out all of my loose change and placed it in her hand
without even looking at her. I was annoyed at being bothered by a beggar.
	But the blind woman smiled and said, "I don't want your money, I just need help finding
the post office."
	In an instant, I realized what I had done, I had acted out of prejudice - I had judged
another person simply for what I assumed she had to be.
	I hated what I saw in myself. This incident reawakened my core belief. It reaffirmed that I
believed in humility, even though I had failed to do so for a moment.
